===== Upgrading from V 2.2.0 to V 2.2.1 =====

There are no database changes for this release.

The code has changed for this release. Simply replace the story code on
your web server with the contents of the 'www' directory.

There are no documentation changes for this release.




===== Upgrading from V 2.1.1 to V 2.2.0 =====

The database has changed for this release. You may want to disable
episode creation before upgrading the database to ensure that the
database remains in a consistent state while upgrading. To do so, log in
to the Extend-A-Story admin interface, select 'Configure Story
Settings', and set 'Is Writeable' to 'No'. You may want to make a backup
of the database before upgrading it, just in case you have any problems.
To upgrade the database, run the database upgrade script
'2.1.1_to_2.2.0.sql' in the existing database. If you disabled episode
creation prior to upgrading the database, be sure to enable episode
creation after upgrading the database.

The code has changed for this release. Simply replace the story code on
your web server with the contents of the 'www' directory.

The documentation has changed for this release. Simply replace the
Extend-A-Story documentation directory on your web server with the
contents of the 'docs' directory.

This version of Extend-A-Story fixes an issue encountered with recent
versions of MySQL. This issue prevents all users from logging in to the
Extend-A-Story admin interface. While the database upgrade script
updates the database structure to accommodate recent versions of MySQL,
there is an additional step you must perform if you are currently
experiencing this issue. The additional step requires resetting the
passwords of all users in your Extend-A-Story database. To do so, run
the following SQL statement in your Extend-A-Story database for each of
your users:

  UPDATE User
     SET Password = PASSWORD( '<new password>' )
   WHERE LoginName = '<username>';

For example, to change the password of the admin account to the
'change-me' password, you would run the following statement in your
Extend-A-Story database:

  UPDATE User
    SET Password = PASSWORD( 'change-me' )
  WHERE LoginName = 'admin';

You only have to perform this step if you are currently experiencing
this issue. If you are running an older version of MySQL, it is possible
that you are not currently experiencing this issue, but will encounter
it after upgrading MySQL. If you encounter this issue after upgrading
MySQL, perform this step at that time. If you have applied the
workaround specified in the following thread, you do not have to perform
this step a second time:

http://www.sir-toby.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php?t=1091




===== Upgrading from V 2.1.0 to V 2.1.1 =====

There are no database changes for this release.

The code has changed for this release. Simply replace the story code on
your web server with the contents of the 'www' directory.

The documentation has changed for this release. Simply replace the
Extend-A-Story documentation directory on your web server with the
contents of the 'docs' directory.




===== Upgrading from V 2.0.1 to V 2.1.0 =====

The database has changed for this release. You may want to disable
episode creation before upgrading the database to ensure that the
database remains in a consistent state while upgrading. To do so, run
the following SQL statement in your Extend-A-Story database:

  UPDATE ExtendAStoryVariable
     SET StringValue = 'N'
   WHERE VariableName = 'IsWriteable'

You may want to make a backup of the database before upgrading it, just
in case you have any problems. To upgrade the database, run the database
upgrade script '2.0.1_to_2.1.0.sql' in the existing database.

The code has changed for this release. Simply replace the story code on
your web server with the contents of the 'www' directory. There are two
new PHP scripts in this release that you may want to link to from your
story's home page:

  - admin.php       : Grants access to the administration and moderator
                      functionality.

  - list-locked.php : Displays all episodes that are currently locked
                      for creation.

Point your browser to '<story root>/admin.php' and login as the
administrator:
  - Login Name : admin
  - Password   : change-me

!!! CHANGE THE PASSWORD OF THE ADMIN ACCOUNT !!!

Click on the 'Configure Story Settings' link and change the story
configuration to suit your site. If you disabled episode creation prior
to upgrading the database, be sure to enable episode creation here via
the 'Is Writeable' setting. There is also one new setting to configure:

  - Max Edit Days    : The maximum number of days that an author will be
                       allowed to edit an episode after they have
                       created it. Moderators are not affected by this.

There are no documentation changes for this release.




===== Upgrading from V 2.0.0 to V 2.0.1 =====

There are no database changes for this release.

The code has changed for this release. Simply replace the story code on
your web server with the contents of the 'www' directory.

There are no documentation changes for this release.
